Meet Dazhu Fairy
Son of Heaven, you must decide for us
Heaven, get up
Tianzi killed the business company in person
Forcing Jiuxuan Tiannu to leave home to him alone
Destroy Jiuding Chaotic Kyushu
Is this person going to subvert the continent?
The ninth woman destroys the nine tripods
Huojiushu Chaoda Prefecture
What a monster
Nonsense, the nine tripods were clearly destroyed by you
Tian Qian is also brought by you.
The wrath of heaven is caused by your death. Shut up.
It's not your turn to speak
The Son of Heaven dreams of saying
Every sentence is true
The Son of Heaven and the Virgin have been deceived
White collar, I'm so disappointed in you
The Son of Heaven can also be a wolf
See you still don't kneel
It's a heinous crime
How dare the Son of Heaven be so arrogant
Kill my loyal minister in front of me
heinous crime
Come and take down this lawless minister and thief for me
If you want to move him, get past me first